Add new on_state trigger info (#1614)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: components/climate/index.rst

      // etc. see API reference
      call.perform();

.. _climate-on_state_trigger:

``climate.on_state`` Trigger
******************************************************

> This trigger is activated each time the climate device is updated (using publish_state).

Reviewer: `publish_state` is an internal implementation detail that doesn't mean much to our users.
```suggestion
This trigger is activated each time the state of the climate device is updated 
(for example, if the current temperature measurement or the mode set by the users changes).
```

Author: Done!
